\input texinfo    @c -*- texinfo -*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename sample.info
@settitle Texinfo GNU Sample 2.0
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@syncodeindex pg cp
@c %**end of header

@copying
This manual is for GNU Sample (version 2.0,
last updated 4 March 2014), which is an example in the Texinfo documentation.

Copyright @copyright{} 2016 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this
document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License,
Version 1.3 or any later version published by the Free Software
Foundation; with no Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts,
and with no Back-Cover Texts.  A copy of the license is included in
the section entitled ``GNU Free Documentation License''.

@end quotation
@end copying

@dircategory Texinfo documentation system
@direntry
* sample: (sample).     Invoking sample.
@end direntry

@finalout
@titlepage
@title GNU Sample
@subtitle for version 2.0, last updated 4 March 2014
@author A.U@. Thor (@email{bug-sample@@gnu.org})
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Texinfo GNU Sample 2.0

This manual is for GNU Sample (version 2.0,
last updated 4 March 2014).

@end ifnottex

@menu
* Invoking sample::
* GNU Free Documentation License::
* Index::
@end menu

@node Invoking sample
@chapter Invoking sample

@pindex sample
@cindex invoking @command{sample}

This is a sample manual.  There is no sample program to invoke, but
if there were, you could see its basic usage and command line
options here.

@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License

@node Index
@chapter Index

@printindex cp

@bye
